feat(changelog): jobs-changed-updated-secret-reference-validation-rules 2024-12-04 (#4075)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/december2024/2024-12-04-jobs-changed-updated-secret-reference-validation-rules.mdx

---

> title: Updated Secret reference validation rules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Updated secret reference validation rules
```

status: changed
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #serverless-jobs channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2024-12-04
category: serverless
product: jobs
---

> When creating Secret references for Serverless Jobs via the Scaleway console, some validation rules prevented to create references to files with extensions and different lowercase issues on environment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating secret references for Serverless Jobs via the Scaleway console, some validation rules prevented the creation of references to files with certain extensions, and there were various lowercase issues on environment variables
```

Reviewer: I don't know if I've interpreted this correctly?
